Hey friends. I want to
thank our sponsor. Reagan, are
you struggling to replicate the
bugs and performance issues that
your customers are reporting? Plug
Regan into your web and
mobile applications right now, and
diagnose problems in minutes rather
than hours. Kiss goodbye. Having
to dig through log files
and relying on frustrated users
to report issues, make your
software development life so much
easier. Using Reagan's error, crash,
and performance monitoring tools. Every
software team can create flawless
software experiences for their customers
with Regan. Try it free
today@raygun.com. That's our a Y
G U n.com. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This Hansel
minutes today. I'm talking with
Tomomi an open web advocate
in the front end engineer.
She works@slackrightnowandyoucancheckheroutatgirlymac.com, but most importantly,
the HTTP status cats. I
remember that. How are you?
Hi. Yeah, and I'm fine.
All right. How about you?
I'm very, very well all
by myself here in this,
in this time where we're
all sequestered and staying away
from humans. It's always nice
to talk to humans on
a podcast. Hope you're staying
safe, where you are. Yeah.
So I'm looking@http.cat that not.com.cat.
What is the story behind
HTTP status cat. All right.
That it's all started. And
no, when I was working
at HP, that was long
time ago. It's a privilege
idiots ago and it was
a crazy time for me
because I was working initially
or working at a company
called the Palm at the
Palm level team and a
company. I love my job
at that time too, but
company got acquired by HP.
And at that time we
had a CEO who was
interested in approach on the
product, but you know, that's
a lot, a lot of
happen. So CEO got ousted,
we get a new CEO.
Then the new CEO didn't
really care about what we
do or like the product
itself. So we had a,
some uncertain time. Like we
weren't sure if we should
resume or, you know, the
project or not. So the
full, why I didn't really
have a lot of work
to do, to be honest,
I was just pulling in
an office, Brazilian internet, like,
you know, looking for some
funny cat videos and cat
pictures like everybody else does.
And then of course, you
know, when you're browsing, I
go, whatever the webpages, sometimes
you get full forward, you
know, the page and Alfond
then I was like, you
know, got a wild idea.
Like, you know what, maybe
what if I put a
picture of cat? So since
it's full for maybe just
cat hiding and somewhere. Yeah.
It's fun. So then yeah,
of course my imagination goes
wild. So I started thinking
about, Hmm, what about for
a it's unauthorized? Right. So
I was looking for the
cat who got banned from
entering a store or something
like that and like full
nine it's conflict. So I
find a picture of two
cats fighting and things like
that. And I got, of
course we gap for 18.
I am a teapot cat,
cat, get a teapot. Of
course. So, yeah. So I
just started doing all that
silly things. It's a cat
pictures and the magically, Whoa.
It could get a lot
of collections, you know, like
if I have a hundred,
it's like everything. So I
post it, I think I
use a flicker at the
time. Flicka was babied all
that time. So I posted
those pictures of liquor and,
Oh my gosh. Now all
of a sudden, I mean,
of course I tweeted too,
then it got so popular,
like in overnight in a
net building next day, like
people, somebody from Mashable was
contacting me and somebody from
like, I think let's see
it and tech and everywhere.
And so it gets viral.
Yeah. And the cool thing
was community helped pick it
up. So a lot of
people interested and created the
API APIs or like Apache
config or, or even some
variants, like HDP status dogs
or like HD be like,
it'd be unsaved version. And
then there's a one on
guy, I think his name
to  and Lisbon. And
he actually got duck cat
domain name to host those
photos extra. He wrote API,
still use that cat pictures
do and yeah. So he
got this hdp.cat domain. I
was like, wow, that's awesome.
Cause I can't get that
domain because you have to
host some capitalism language or
capitalism culture of something. Right.
Isn't that a lawn region,
cat catalog. When you go
to http.cat, you just say
slash four Oh four slash
500 and then you get
to get your cat. And
that page is actually available
in Catalan language too, because
we have to, that's a
requirement. So yeah. So that's
it. That's what it is.
And it's been wild, but
people still discovering, you know,
like even not so funny
thing is that, you know,
I work at Slack, but
we use a Slack at
Slack and this there's always,
some engineers find about, Hey,
we find something cool. And
to somebody else, I was
like, Oh yeah, Tomomi made
it. So it's always reacted.
It was custom emoji, like
Tomomi emoji. So it happens
like every like yeah. Often
time. I mean, it happens
all the time. So yeah.
So I've, I noticed that
that's been a couple of
years and it's a cute
thing and it's nice to
kind of go viral and
get your 15 minutes. Right.
But I saw that and
I filed it away in
my mind and I said,
that's interesting. And then I
noticed some of your sketch
notes on how to do
get and there's cats. And
then I went to your
GitHub and there's cats and
your website and there's cats.
It seems like you don't
do hello world. Like you
don't, you're not a hello
world person. Everything has got
to have a cat. If
it's going to be a
hello world example, It's like
always Meow. So yeah. There's
many times when I tried
some new API platform, I
just always tried to create
something around the cats. I
love cats. And actually, even
right now, if you hear
this noise, sorry, my cats
are running around like crazy.
They just woke up and
it was so Katzel was,
you know, part of my
life. So yeah, many times
when I want to just
try something new, it's like,
yeah. Why don't I use
cats as the example now?
Yeah. I think that's really
important to have like a
thing like that. Like I
think it's hard. There's so
many technologies and so many
things I could potentially learn
and I'm not inspired by
hello world. Like making a
robot, say hello world, everyone's
got their own thing. Like
your thing is cats. My
thing is like my, my
diabetes and my blood sugar.
So I have a web,
I have an HTTP rest
API for my blood sugar
and I can go and
see my blood sugar in
real time. So if it's
like, Hey, this is a
new LCD screen and a
new ADA fruit, you know,
device, then show me my
blood sugar. Or when Alexa
came out, I want to
say, Alexa, show me my
blood sugar or the Apple
watch comes out. I want
it on my watch. So
you want cats on your
Apple watch and on Alexa
and I want my blood
sugar. And I think it's
important that everyone find that
thing, right? That, that passion
that drives them to play
with technology. It's true because
you don't, well, of course
you can always follow some
tutorials out there just right.
The plain old hello world.
But why not just combine
with something you love, you
have a passion for it,
you know, that makes you
know, easier to launch new
things and to just motivate
you to create a more
things, you know? So yeah.
A while back you did,
that was a couple of
years ago you did a
cat faced detection. It's key
to kill him. Yeah. Yeah.
Kitty cat cam. And you
know, when the raspberry PI
three came out, you said,
Oh, faster CPU. I'm going
to go and upgrade kitty
cam. Whenever I see tutorials
like that, I wonder if,
if people who are listening
to our show here, think
the same thing where it's
like, Oh, that sounds hard.
There's so many different things
to plug in. They're going
to do, you know, image
detection and then do something
about it and hardware and
wiring. But when I read
through the details on your
blog, it was really about
bringing together libraries that were
already, already done. Right. Right.
So I actually wanted to
show people like, I am
not an expert, you know,
I'm well, how do I
add the Wyoming? And everything's
fun, but I, to be
honest, I really don't know
much about it, you know,
but I just, you know,
try, you know, this, the
same thing, the hello world
and try it a hell
of a world. But I'm
like, yeah. I'm like, what
can I do with cats?
You know? So I think
again, just writing, hello, world's
kind of boring. So sooner
or later I just come
up with some project. And
of course my project is
always about a cat, so
I'm like, Hmm, what can
I do? And then, you
know, I learned I could
use a camera coming up.
Kamilah mojos who is the
raspberry PI. And then I
started lining so much about
sensors. You know, what kind
of like emotional sensors or
maybe proximity, sensors, all kinds
of stuff. It's a whole
like motivated by what I
wanted to create, you know,
that time, like, I really
wanted to have something like
Kel camera. Then I learned
about this open source library
about CA facial detection. That
sounds really funny. It sounds
like I'm joking about it.
It really is. It's like
full, at least I can
write software, you know, by
the way, I'm an amateur,
but for the software part,
at least I know how
to write a no JS.
I'm like, Oh, can I
want to just use it?
So I just, you know,
make it work. I mean,
just using a third party
library and I make it
a work and I just
put it all together and
I'm done. I mean, it's
not done. I can always
improve. I guess something, you
know, That's the kind of
project you can do in
a weekend. Right? You don't
need to take weeks for
those kinds of things. Yeah.
I use my week. Yeah.
So I was so into,
you know, it's absorbed myself.
So I spent, Oh, I
don't know how many weekends
I spend because like, you
know, getting everything, that's something
I learned from scratch. I'm
annoying experts. I hit some
friends. I get asked what
advice, but still, you know,
it's all about learning. So
when I'm done with this,
I'm like, yeah. Why don't
like just, she had what
I've learned. You know, I
just didn't want to put
that and get hub and,
you know, just show people
like a here. That's what
I meant. It's more like
I wanted to, you know,
write down like a whole
instruction. So other people could
create too. And in fact,
people actually did, you know,
on the phone, my approach,
I mean, disagree have repo
and created something by them,
by themselves too. So that's
pretty difficult. Yeah. Yeah. So
the, the, the kitty Dar
like radar, but face detection
for cats that Heather Arthur
did, it's not, not maintained
anymore, but it's a couple
of years old. And you
know, you, you plugged all
these things together. You took
the raspberry, PI the facial
detection, the camera, then you
pushed it up to the
cloud. So you basically made
a, a cam that would
watch when your cats came
by. You like watch them,
you watch them remotely from
work. If the catheter Was
no it's unplugged, but yes,
I I've been monitoring for
awhile. Yeah. And that time
actually, I was working at
some startups. So I use
a technology that, you know,
we were actually creating. So
you, yeah. I'm looking at
my GitHub repo right now,
but yeah. It's like, I,
Well, that's another good example.
You were using the technology
that your company already works
on. Right? So like, you
know, I work at Microsoft
and I work on Azure,
so I want to move
my blog to Azure. And
then if a new thing,
a new feature comes out,
then I will go and
apply it to my life
rather than just messing around
with the feature. I want
to really try it. You
know, if I want to
do a bot or Slack
bot or a team's bot,
and I'm going to plug
it into my life and
not just a hello world
bot. Yeah. So that Tommy,
I was working in the
company, like a startup called
the PubNub when you're doing
some, you know, the real
time communications. So I use
that. Yeah. So I could
actually get those images from
raspberry PI to elsewhere as
I could monitor on like
browsers extra, not just me,
anyone could breaths because that
time he had a public
URL. So anyone could watch
my cat. Yeah. I think
I pull it off for
now, but cause it's so
much privacy. Yeah. But Do
you ever worry about putting
those things online? Do you
ever worry about those projects?
Like sometimes people will listen
to the show will say,
I don't feel comfortable putting
my hobby online because people
might judge it and say,
Oh, that's Yeah. Well that
happens actually. But you know,
that's still you. And I
take it as a feedback
because I don't consider, I'm
just always giving up or
just sharing whatever, because I
can learn from other people
too. So I actually made
a lot of good online
friends who could teach me
things too. Yeah. And recently
I extra tweet about some
doodling stuff and, you know,
I thought I kind of
understood the subject correctly, but
turns out I had a
mistake that I didn't even
know. And there are a
lot of people who, you
know, I don't fortunately know
actually send me a messages
and my DMSO was open.
So some people have DME
about that to correct me
in reading nicely and try
to even show me some
examples and references too. So
actually I don't mind if
somebody say that, well, if
somebody tells me nicely, you
know, if somebody just, you
know, the Twitter and I
say, Oh, you suck and
I'm going to cry. But
you know, as long as
people are nice about it.
Yeah. Yeah. I try to,
I try to make people,
as I try to facilitate
a kind image around myself,
if I'm being positive, then
will be positive. If people
are going to be cruel,
then I block block and
move on. You know, I
don't need any negativity in
my life. Right. As I
just don't feed the trolls,
like I just don't deal
with, if somebody is nasty
about it, I'm like, great.
You're smarter than me. Well,
at least you think so,
but I don't care. So
move on. Yeah. So I'm
fine with the, When you
need to focus on building,
do you want to get
bogged down by your database?
Mongo DB is an intuitive,
flexible document database that lets
you get to building Mongo.
DBS document model is a
natural way to represent data
so you can focus on
what matters. Mongo DB Atlas
is the best way to
use Mongo DB. It's a
global cloud database service that
gives you all of the
developer productivity of Mongo DB.
Plus the added simplicity of
a fully managed database service.
You can get started free
with Mongo DB atlas@mongodb.com slash
Atlas. So when, when I
look at your, your sketch
notes though, here's another thing
like your, your, you do
your developing node. You go
online, you give presentations, you
do a lot of stuff.
And then you have these
really nice sketch notes. And
every time I see someone's
sketch notes, I feel sad
because I don't have this
ability. Like I can't make
this pretty handwriting and pictures
and stuff. Or are you
an artist or is that,
how do you know how
to do gets notes? Cause
I'm always envious. I love
design and art, but I
actually never had a formal
training. You know? So I
didn't, yeah. I actually still
learning. But the funniest thing
is that, well, it's my
background. So I was born
and born and raised in
Japan. And as a kid,
I used to be reading
a lot of manga, which
is a comic books equivalent
in here in the U
S but I just prefer
cold because the Japanese one
is quite different. But anyway,
so yeah, so I was
always, well, let's get in
trouble for my parents that
don't, they didn't like me
reading all the time, but
I was so into. So
a lot of times, you
know, we try to just
mimic, you know, just drawing
or maybe tracing something like
from manga. So that's kind
of complicated things that kids
in Japan do. So my
brother was doing that too.
So it kinda naturally a
quiet, like how to draw
by just copying or mimicking
stuff for Munga book or
maybe anime. Oh, actually. And
the funniest thing is other
thing is there's not always
just among the parents. Didn't
like we have something like
video educational ones, like something,
some Munga that you can
learn a lot about history,
like Japanese and history is,
or could be something like
a Chinese dynasty. That's a
pop it along or even
French revolutions and stuff. So
there's just so many more
than that, that you can
learn from. So for me,
like education and like Munga,
or doodling is always like,
I would witness the same
thing, but it's always like
somewhere the same place in
my brain, I would say.
So when I doodle or
something, like, I dunno, it's
just natural for me. You
know, when I launch something
new, I doodle and if
I'm going to teach somebody,
you know how to, I
don't know, could be just
computer science or a logics
or anything. I doodle, Oh,
actually, you know what? I
remember something. So I'm actually
doing software engineering now, but
after college, I, I had
different carrier. So that time
I was working at a
research lab, extra microbiology lab,
you know, that would be,
yeah. So we had a
lot of research protocols and
lab protocols we had follow,
and it's not like a
software engineering that you can
create bugs and no one
dies, you know, full of
like researching stuff. Any mistakes
can be really serious, costly
and deadly. So we have
to make sure like everything's
perfectly aligned and calculate it
and everything. And at that
time, and let's complicate it.
And a lot of times
like if people would just
join a new lab, couldn't
really follow the procedure fine.
So I decided to draw
pictures. So I had a
doodle, all the Petri dish,
Flath Erlenmeyer flask, smell everything.
And after I extra drew
it and I put this,
my doodle on a wall,
actually everybody appreciated me. I
mean, every, everybody understood exactly
like how the process should
go. So then I knew
doodling really helps people along,
you know? So I think
I've been doing just like
my entire life. I would
say like, no matter how
old I was or like,
you know, career I had,
so now I'm in the
software, but I still do
the same thing. Interesting. So
you're taking notes for yourself
and then you start to
do it in a certain
style, the style that you
grew up with, and then
in the process, you share
those online and people go
and say, Oh, I get
it now. I, you, it
helps you understand. And then
ultimately helps me understand it.
Okay. So when I asked
the same thing and like
when I'm in a school,
like when I was in
a high school, anything, you
know, a teacher's explaining something.
I, I tend to doodle,
maybe not. Well, maybe because
the teacher was boring CISE
or doing something else, but
that's actually like a part
of my learning process. So
I draw something and understand.
And at the same night
when I was teaching people
was showing something. That's how
I do. And it's easier
for those. So many people
who, especially like a visual
learners. I think those things
are really important. I think
you've probably seen like Julia Evans
had some really popular zenes
and she's done a lot
of really great visualizations to
describe stuff. You've done a
great one in your get
recently your get cherry pick
and get commits, basically explaining,
get with cartoon, cat. Yeah.
It's actually, I have a
pum, so it's get pulled,
but to get pool and
they get push for get,
but cherry-pick, I couldn't really
come up with a good
cat. Yeah. There's not really
a good one there for,
for, for cherry pick. Yeah.
So get, it's actually really
hard, a difficult day alarm
to, you know, because you
know, it's all started to,
because I have not good
at it using get, and
even work my daily work.
Well, of course idea's good.
But I sometimes screw up,
you know, especially when I
went to, I do Marshall
and I had a lot
of conflicts and stuff, so
I'm really frustrated. It was
good. I thought I knew,
but it's just not reading
it Every, every time I
think I know get, then
I get in trouble. I
swear. I regularly am like,
Oh yeah, I get it.
Now I get it now.
And then I have to
cherry pick or I'm on,
you know, you know the
thing when you're on one
branch for a while you
do a bunch of work
and you go, Oh crap.
That should have been another
branch. You know, I've been
working for three hours and
I need to take all
this and put it on
the other side. And I
knew, yes, it's just not
me. Right. Like everybody else
did in the same way.
So I was like, whatever.
So I was actually doodling
old for myself. I wasn't
thinking about like sharing, but
I did anyways. I just
tweeted one day. So the
very first one is really
crappy hand drawing, but I
just shared on get hub
and everybody loved it. So
that's how I know. It's
like, yes, cats work, you
know, internet it's made with
cats plus EBITDA, but it's
struggling with get, you know,
so I appreciate that. You're
saying in, in many of
these different things, and I
think this is a lot
of what I do as
well as you're saying, okay,
this isn't that good. It
was just for me, but
I could share it anyway.
I think a lot of
people who might be listening
might say, well, I don't
have a blog or nothing
I do is useful or
interesting, but you, but you,
you know, it's sad, isn't
it. But then you go
and make a, a cat
detecting raspberry pie. You could
have kept it to yourself,
but you write about, you
make a, you make a
sketch note and you could've
kept it to yourself, but
you're right about it. Why
not? Yeah. I haven't really
want to have anybody to
share their, you know, their
works, you know, not just
the works, anything like you
launch. So like, I think
the blog posts like technical
blog post, let's say it
doesn't have to be perfect.
Right. It can't be just
your note, but it just
a public not. And of
course, if you have a
comments open, if it's something
wrong, people can be nicely,
you know, like a correct.
You, if somebody is mean
and they can just shut
this person off, but you
know, yeah. So actually, you
know, that's how I started
blogging. That was a long
time ago too. That a
lot of the time I
wasn't posting my cat photos
or doodling, but just a
note for myself, it was
something I've learned something. I
tried something I experimented and
you never know who's reading
and how, yeah. That something
like long time ago too.
I remember when I what's
experiment them with then new
CSF three features, I actually
run a lot of testing
on Safari. And yeah, that
was like, is this animation
or something 3d or something
like that? Can't remember. But
the actually I never imagined,
but somebody from Apple who
was working on Safari, I
actually saw my blog post
and he thought it was
a really great test case.
So actually the engineers there
did he use my blog
post to file more bugs
and fix them. And I
never imagined back in the
time that actually my blockbuster
helped the product get better.
So I was really amazed
and I was so happy
about this. And that actually
really gave me a huge
motivation to write more. You
know, of course not every
single blog post reached that
many people or get much
impact. Maybe just some people
just sit like, you know,
press the like button or
whatever, but it's fine. I
mean, as long as you
log on it and it
helps somebody else maybe fixing
the bug, it was somebody
who was as a new,
as you are, could learn
and benefit from it doesn't
really matter. You know, it's,
I think it's just a
great to keep sharing, keep
telling people what they been
working on, you know, what
are you being like? Yeah.
What are you doing? Even
experiments like I did, that's
not have to be like
full-fledged floor for the active
project. Anything, You know, I
was talking about that recently
and I said, someone told
me that they had 15
blog posts that they were
in draft and they had,
they were thinking about blogging
about them, but they were
like, yeah, I want to
get it perfect. And honestly,
I would much rather have
15, 80% log posts than
one perfect blog. Don't you
think? Yeah. I agree. Well,
it's such a waste. You
can just put it into
a draft and no one
else ever sees that. Oh
yeah. The problem is though
one person says something mean,
and it can really ruin
your whole day. And it's,
it's hard to have the
energy to be able to
just say, you know, whatever
the haters and move on.
But, but I was someone
told me once they said,
Hey, has Scott, how can
I become like a popular
blogger? And I said, I
don't know about that. But
if you just blog a
little bit, every week for
20 years, you'll be a
mediocre, middle blogger like me.
Right. It doesn't matter if
10 people read it or
a million people read it.
If more than one person
read it, then I've doubled
my power. Yeah. Like you
don't have to be a
popular internet famous or anything,
you know, as long as
even like appreciate or what
you've done. And it says,
thank you. Just one. Thank
you. Has just enough for
me to be honest. That
is a really good attitude.
One, thank you is enough.
And I think that we
would, I think you and
I agree that we should
encourage people to put little
interesting things that they know.
People also say, I don't
know if I want to
blog because what do I
know? Why am I special?
I'm one of your blogs
that you did last year
that I thought was really
interesting that you didn't have
to blog it, but it
was all about, tell me
if I'm saying this right.
Ray. Woah. Yeah. Can you
tell me about what happened
there and what's going on
because the emperor, like a
Hito he left and then
what does that, how does
that change the calendar? Gosh,
so, well let's, since I
don't live in Japan anymore,
I'm so glad that I
don't have to use their
actually special calendar, to be
honest, I think it was
just the Gregorian calendar year
2020 or whatever. But in
Japan I has an Embera
and each emperor like in
embarrass era has the name
that I don't know exactly
the, what the naming process
is, but anyways, it's always
go through some process that
gets new names. So now
they get a new emperor
and that the arrow is
called up. They used to
behave say, that means all
those engineers in Japan will
have to, you know, work
in the States and time.
It's the hardest things to
work on, you know, an
engineering and yeah, the interesting
thing is now in, in
JavaScript, we have international data
object and that's actually, like
you said, it's international. So
it works in any, I
think I would say like
any countries in the nations
and it works with the
special Japanese calendar system too.
But when I actually wrote
this, it was still not
on you Arab. So on
the browser vendors haven't implemented
it yet. So it was
actually already a roadie for
fun and see if it's
going do Arctic in the
near future. So it's all
working now. So it doesn't
really benefit a whole lot
of people because like, again,
if you live outside of
Japan, you will never need
a special calendar in a
way, but it's just interesting
backstories to Atlanta on some
technology that exists. You might
not need to use it,
but it's just good to
acknowledge What was cool about
it was that you, you
put it into the context
of things that I do
understand, right? It's like, here's
the daytime in JavaScript that
I know. And here's Japanese
date system that I don't
know. And then you combine
the two, right? And you
take, you took two things
that, you know, and shared
it with us. And that's
a way of, you know,
coming up with a blog
post and a blog post
topic, and also teaching me
something about another culture. Yeah.
That's interesting. Right. Then I'm
glad I so glad that
yeah. You learned something from
me. That's really, I appreciate
that. Yeah. That's really old
and drives me to write
more about, I should actually
write more blog because these
days I haven't really written
a whole lot because actually
like a blogging or writing
tutorials have become my actual
carrier and I have to
do my work time. So
I kinda spent less time
for my own blog or
my own story and things
like that. That's a really
tough situation. Cause I, you
know, I work for Microsoft
and while my job isn't
necessarily writing, certainly putting content
out there as a part
of it. And then you
have to think about who
am I doing this content
for? Is this a blog
for the work? Or is
this a blog for my
own website and having your,
your work and your life
be mixed together, online. And
certainly on Twitter can be
very challenging, right? Yeah. But
I was still lucky enough
that I'm actually doing a
developer advocacy, you know, it's
a developer relations work. So
I can kind of sort
of mix in some way.
Of course I had to
draw some lines between a
professional career and you know,
personal things, but it's still,
you know, speaking at conferences
and writing some technical stuff.
It's my job anyways. So
don't you think they should
let you put more cats
in the documentation? So I
lost, so I actually did.
Yeah. So I actually wrote
some of the documentations on
API does like that com
that was like a slacks
API page impasse. When I
joined the company, what's like
2017. So you could actually
detect which page I wrote
because every single documentation I
wrote has cat picture or
cat photo. I mean the
cap illustration or something like
that, but we replaced them
with something a little more
professional. Oh, it's not about
professional. Not simply because we
had a new branding after
that. So we had to
replace all that screenshots and
all of that assets. So
I don't think they, Oh,
maybe some pages still have
cats. I would say two.
They took all the fun
out some stupid. Yeah. And
is actually really a friendly
and try to make it
a friendly. So it's not
an old to deuce areas
though. You probably still find
some cat pictures somewhere hidden.
Well, hopefully, hopefully I'll see
some new blogs from you
with more cats. And I
appreciate you chatting with me
today. Thank you so much
for having me. I've been
chatting with  who has
brought her joy of cats
and technology together online, and
we will see you again
Next week. On another episode
of cancer, .